Ooh! We're already
back in town, meow!
[RYOMA]
I wonder how preparations
for the Foundation
Festival are going.
Ryoma.
[RYOMA]
Yes?
[ASAGI] You must be
worried about your shop,
so why don't we
drop you off there
before the rest of us
report to the guild?
We should be able
to manage without you.
That won't do.
Think about it for a second.
My Dimension Home has all
the treant wood we gathered.
[LEIPIN] I have a Dimension
Home, too, remember?
Simply transfer your
spoils to mine.
[RYOMA]
Are you sure?
[MIYA] You fellas are
paws-itively sweet!
Just say, "thanks," when people
are thoughtful like that!
Just say, "thanks"?
I guess I could.
Well, in that case,
thank you both.
I accept your offers.
Perfect. I owed you, anyway.
You shared miso
and soy sauce with me
and even let me know
where I can stock up on more.
[RYOMA] Bye, everyone.
You guys were great!
See ya round, kitten!
And I'll fur sure visit
your stall at the festival!
[RYOMA]
Okay! Lookin' forward to it!
[MIYA laughs]
Ah. It's finished,
or pretty darn close.
Welcome back, Manager.
Thank you. It's good to be home.
Huh? Whoa!
Just look at him over there.
He's speechless.
You sound like you
built it alone, Beck.
That's the stage? There?
[DOLCE]
Yes. I was surprised, as well.
The Semroid Troupe
is comprised of
many skilled construction
workers, apparently.
They built all of that
in two days' time.
Only two days?
That's right.
I saw. It was just like magic.
[gasps] That is really amazing.
[DOLCE] And they didn't
just build the stage.
Despite their workload, they
also helped build our stall.
No! They pitched in
for our stall?
Well, of course we did!
[gasps]
Folks are in for a treat!
Enjoying our show while also
enjoying a delicious
array of victuals!
Every guest that pays us a visit
will be treated to two feasts!
One for their stomachs,
as well as one for their eyes!
And besides, one good turn's
always deserving of another.
You helped us, so we
helped you, comrade.
Can't argue that logic.
Now, enough talk!
There's work to be done.
Apply the last few
finishing touches
and achieve beauty that's
worthy of this festival!
--[FINIA] Woo-hoo!
--[DOLCE] Right.
What's all the commotion?
Ope, never mind.
It's because the
manager has returned.
[RYOMA] And what a
surprise to return to!
I wasn't expecting you guys
to have made so much progress!
Well, about that.
What?
There's, uh, one final decision
that has yet to be made.
Huh?
You don't know
what drinks to serve?
No.
We've all been trying
to figure out the menu items
ever since Mister Dolce
and the others started
the physical construction
of our stall.
[JANE] Been hung up on
the drinks since day one,
but picking the food
was easy as pie!
Sorry, Boss.
Not sure I understand
the indecision.
Can you explain?
Indeed.
As Miss Jane stated, deciding
on food was the simple part.
There's Gilmar cuisine,
a few semi-sah pastries,
and some dishes
with dante seeds.
For drinks, we have
water and juice.
We didn't give them much thought
since we were
so focused on food.
And then Miss
Li Ling recommended
we add some more unique
beverages to the menu as well.
Thus, our dilemma.
I gotcha now.
Though, I'm starting
to regret my idea.
We all had everything
settled, too.
No, your opinion is valuable.
Don't ever feel like you
can't voice your thoughts.
Anyway, we don't have a lot
on hand in terms of drinks.
Then, we remembered
the dante tea
that you're so fond of, Manager.
Could we serve it?
My tea?
I'm sorry, but no.
That's gonna have to stay
my little secret, I think.
If we had more time,
it'd be okay,
but there's no way I can
get enough ingredients now.
It is quite rare.
Staying stocked up on it
must be tough,
but its rarity is
what made us think
it'd be great for our stall.
[RYOMA] A rare tea with
accessible ingredients.
Surely there's something.
Think, Ryoma.
[gasps]
[ALL gasping]
That's tea? What kind, though?
It's whole grain tea.
Tastes great, and it's freshly
brewed from the grains
Miss Jane's hometown
sent to our shop,
so we have plenty
of ingredients!
What?
I didn't know you can make
tea out of those grains.
Yep! Just have to roast
and boil 'em a little bit.
And a lot like dante tea,
this one's chockfull
of health benefits, too!
It's also excellent on hot days,
so please grab a cup
and try for yourself!
I've never had a tea
quite like this before!
Has an earthy bitterness
that's so savory!
And washing our warm dishes down
with something cool
would be lovely!
Plus, it meets the rarity factor
that you all had
your hearts set on.
Another bonus is how
easy it is to make.
So, would you like
to add this to the menu?
[CALLUM]
What do you think, everyone?
[GROUP]
Mm-hm!
[CALLUM]
That's unanimous.
All right. Thank you
for your idea.
Now we have our special drink,
meaning our Foundation Festival
menu is finally done.
Uh-huh!
With our choices out of the way,
focus on production and polish.
Almost showtime for everyone,
so before the proverbial
curtain rises,
let's ensure that
we give it our all!
[GROUP]
Right!
[JANE]
Manager!
Coming!
[PRENANCE]
Mister Ryoma.
Yeah?
So, you want me to make
you an ice sculpture?
Yes! It would set
the mood perfectly
for this dream show of mine.
And then, as fate would have it,
I was informed that you
are quite the sculptor.
Will you help me out?
Your skills could birth my idea!
Sure. I'll try, at least.
You know what you want me
to sculpt, or...?
Ah-ha, of course you two
would be center stage.
Were you looking for us?
Hope nothing's gone awry.
No, on the contrary,
there's something wonderful
I'd like you two to see.
--It's finished?
--[SERGE] Uh-huh.
Tons of beauties like this one
are ready for the festival.
Mister Dinome's whole delivery
just arrived today.
Splendid! Spectacular, even!
These tiny contraptions now
contain the tunes of our troupe!
Uh--
[MIYA squeaks]
[PRENANCE]
Isn't it grand?
Yeah, it sure is.
Mister Serge, may we hear
how it sounds, please?
Sure! Why, that's the best part!
♪
[SERGE sighs]
To think something so divine
was built by human hands!
Indeed! Our crew's brilliance
leaves me breathless!
Yet beholding this display
breathes new life
into me all the same!
Love and dedication
is what built that stage.
Let our efforts be enhanced.
Give the performances
of your lives up there!
[ALL]
Yes, sir!
I guess this is what happens
when everyone works hard.
Makes people wanna
do that work justice!
Yes, I'm so excited
for the festival
that I doubt I'll get
a wink of sleep tonight!
Yeah. Me, too.
[yawns]
[BOTH gasp]
I promise I wasn't yawning
out of boredom or anything.
[CALLUM]
No one would suspect that.
Not when you jumped straight
from hunting down treants
to spending an entire day
prepping for a festival.
So, please, take off tomorrow
and get some overdue rest.
Leave the preparations to us.
Slack all day? Just me?
But everyone else
has been busy, too.
Your health should always
come before your work, sir.
So, it would be best if you
used tomorrow to recover.
Then, you'll be raring to go
once the festival
actually arrives.
He does have a point.
Yeah, okay.
Tomorrow, I'm officially
taking the whole day off.
Hey, everyone!
You've all earned a nice,
hot, and delicious dinner,
so come and get it!
[RYOMA]
Thanks, Miss Jane!
[gasps] So, this is what
a level eight multiplication
skill can do!
[gasps]
[laughs]
Wait!
Hold on, is that from the
Dragoon's Guild in Lenaf?
And there's Mister Pioro!
--[PRENANCE] My marvelous...
--[MAIYA] I'm not fat yet,
so bring on the grub!
--I'm talking here!
--[SORDIO] For the love...
[CALLUM]
Bow to your right is Carla.
Bow to your left is Callum.
Got it?
[RYOMA panting]
I just knew it.
Mister Pioro!
Well, look who it is!
S'been a while, huh, Ryoma?
[RYOMA panting]
Yeah.
But why are you
all the way out here?
Taking a walk?
[RYOMA]
Mm-mm. Thought your monster
was from the Dragoon's Guild.
Then I saw you riding it,
and knew I was right!
Your eyes must be really good.
We were pretty high up.
Ryoma, today is a workday
and Carla said you're
hosting a festival stall.
No time to chase flying beasts.
True, except I'm under orders
to take the full day off.
We finished setting up
the stall yesterday.
Enough about me. What are
you doing here in Gimul?
[PIORO] Got an urgent purchase
from outta nowhere.
Said they wanted it delivered
to Gimul today, no matter what.
Must be really important.
Right? I bet it's got something
to do with the festival.
But who knows?
The merch they asked for's
really rare stuff,
so it's hard to say what
they could be using it for.
Your curiosity got the
better of you, didn't it?
Well, I was already planning
on attending the festival.
It worked out; I just
got here a little early.
Fancy meeting you here.
[RYOMA]
Hey, Mister Asagi!
Hang on, you know one another?
Yeah. He's a veteran adventurer.
We recently did a job together.
Wait, you're the one who
put in that rush order?
Yeah. Fresh food from
Dragonewt village.
Plentiful miso, soy sauce,
and white rice.
Thanks to Ryoma, I knew
it was top quality.
Placed my order without delay.
What a pleasant surprise.
Got some free advertising
out of feeding you, huh?
[RYOMA]
Uh-huh. Guess you did!
Just never expected
he'd buy some so soon.
Why, though?
Did you use up the shares
I gave you already?
No, but something rather
unexpected happened.
[BOTH]
Like what?
I would explain, but I'm
under a time crunch here,
so I really must be on my way.
If you're that curious,
you can come.
Ryo-mya!
[RYOMA laughs nervously]
Miya, I doubt he finds your
embrace very comforting.
He's here for a story, not hugs.
Meow.
So, you came just to hear
Asagi spin a yarn?
Oh and meow'd you come
to meet this tom-cat?
Well, took ya long
enough to notice.
This is Mister Pioro
of the Lenaf merchants.
He came to personally deliver
my Dragonewt Village order.
Very thoughtful.
[RYOMA] We were curious
about Mister Asagi's plans
for his goods,
so we came to find out.
Miss Miya, that's the framework
for a festival stall, isn't it?
Mew have a great eye!
Guess the cat's outta the bag!
[ASAGI]
Mm. It's as you deduced, Ryoma.
We had a last-minute idea
to open a stall
for the Foundation Festival.
Huh. You're an interesting duo.
[ASAGI]
Mm-hm...
Asagi! I am begging!
Make me that
meowth-watering food!
Can you specify,
please? What kind?
Mew know! The crunchy stuff
Ryoma cooked for us
after we kicked the
treants' sorry tails!
The veggies that
brought you to tears!
Remember meow?
Ah, okay. You mean
tempura, right?
Tempurr-ah! If you make me
some more of that deliciousness,
I'll be the most grateful,
smitten kitten!
[sighs] It's not that
I mind, but why me?
Ryoma was the one
who cooked it for you.
I went to see him first,
but it looked like he had
his hands tied with
festival shenanigans.
I didn't wanna be a mew-sance.
I see.
Then you realized I know
how to cook tempura, too.
Mew guessed it!
I also figured that you'd
have nothing better to do!
You what?
[sighs] It doesn't matter.
My stomach was growling,
so I was about to whip
something up anyway.
[gasps]
Don't have mountain
vegetables on hand,
so I substituted
in some regular ones.
And I also made some white rice
and miso soup as side dishes.
You're the cat's pajamas, Asagi!
Did I get it right?
There should be a slight
difference in the taste
you recall since I used my
village's secret techniques!
I would describe
the flavor as...
[MIYA]
Yummy! It's too good to be true!
Ryo-mya's version
was paw-some,
but you turned some
ordinary veggies
into extraordinary veggies!
I just can't believe it.
Meow is this pawsible?
Asagi!
Uh-huh?
There something
you'd like to share?
Share being the opurrative word,
'cause we have to share this
goodness with everybody!
Hey! We should sell
this dish at the festival!
[ASAGI]
Um, sure.
[gasps]
That's when I placed my order.
[MIYA] His tem-purr-a will make
the townsfolk grin like cats
that caught canaries!
Plus, it'll add some flavor
to the festival!
Is it that good?
May we try it?
Oh, wow. Everything the
young lady told us was true!
That's a whole lotta yum!
You have to try this!
Okay. Here goes.
Holy smokes!
That sure is delicious,
all right!
The breading couldn't
be more perfect,
and the flavor of the
vegetables is so pronounced!
Yes, well. I've actually
practiced quite a bit
since Miya and I decided
to open our own festival stall.
Perhaps my craft
has improved a tad.
[RYOMA] Mm-hm. Oh, man,
your stand is gonna be amazing!
These things'll
definitely sell like--
[MIYA] Ha, ha, ha! Now, Ryom-ya,
there's more to it.
More?
That's correct.
Tempura won't be the
only thing our stall sells.
We intend to add white rice and
miso soup to the menu as well.
White rice and miso soup?
I mean, they're delicious,
but for a big festival?
[ASAGI]
I understand your concern.
People do prefer walking
while they eat at such
events, but still.
There is a meow-thod
to our madness!
Tempurra tastes even better
with the white rice and soup!
It's a fact I can't deny.
And the whole point
is to allow the townsfolk
to enjoy something delicious!
Compromising taste to
suit other expectations,
that's never been my way,
and it never will be.
[RYOMA gasps]
All right, then.
Could we serve the sides
in a different way?
[GROUP]
Huh?
Ooh! Paw-dorable!
Look at 'em!
[PIORO]
This is a remarkable idea!
What're they called?
[RYOMA]
These are "tenmusu."
Same great taste, but you
can eat 'em on the go!
I've heard of rice balls,
but I've never put anything
apart from pickled
plums inside them.
[PIORO] In my professional
opinion, these'll sell!
Thanks for your
ex-purr-tise, Ryo-mya!
[laughs]
[ASAGI]
You have my thanks as well.
Happy to be of help.
The festival will be
even better now!
Bye for meow!
Be safe getting home!
Stopping by your stall
is a still a top priority!
Try and make time
to come by ours, too!
'Kay!
Tenmusu, what a great concept.
Mind if I also
sell 'em at my store?
Like they said, gotta
share the goodness.
I don't mind one bit.
Stuffing them with things
like fried meats and fish
would taste good, too.
That does sound good.
I can almost taste it.
Have to try it for real
once I'm back in Lenaf.
Well, it's been fun. Always is.
I'll stop by your place
for more fun tomorrow.
Alrighty, we'll be waiting.
Come hungry, because if
there's one thing we have,
it's unique cuisine.
Yeah? I like unique!
See ya around.
I hope so!
[TEKUN]
How's our boy Ryoma doing?
He's as awesome as ever.
Take a look.
[TEKUN] Aw. That smile's
almost as big as he is.
[KUFO]
I know!
[FERNOBELIA] You seem
exceptionally upbeat, Kufo.
You're acting pretty
exceptional, yourself!
How long has it been since you
ventured out of your realm, huh?
I'm intrigued by all
of Reoma's slime research.
It could lead to some
rather advantageous effects
on the magical properties
of Seilfall one day.
Oh!
I take it that your
cheerful demeanor
is also a result of that boy?
Yeah. If Ryoma's
having fun, I am, too.
[FERNOBELIA]
His happiness makes you happy?
[KUFO]
That goes without saying.
We invite people to our world
so they get another chance
to live a fulfilling life.
'Course I love it
when they actually do.
No further queries.
[KUFO] Keep enjoying your
life to the max, Ryoma.
Surrounded by the people
who make it all worthwhile.
Everyone, let's do our
best come tomorrow!
[ALL]
Yeah!
[RYOMA]
Elia, it's finally here!
Once the sun rises,
it's festival time!